# FEIM
Fair Event-aware Influence Maximization Over Microblogs
Social network platforms have become an important tool to analyze the influence spread of real-world events. A typical problem for event influence analysis is to maximize the influence of an event to well engage the maximal
number of social users participating in the event. Existing social influence maximization solutions focus on propagating a piece of information to activate the maximal number of users, which can’t effectively maximize the influence of an event for two key reasons. First, they fall short in addressing the influence overlap among multiple pieces of information that typically constitute an event. Second, they don’t account for users’ dynamic sensitivity to different event information as the event evolves. Event propagation is also confronted with fairness challenges. Existing solutions often deliver a large volume of irrelevant messages to users with good information access, while rarely activating users who lack sufficient information access. This unequal information access exacerbates the disparity of influence received by individual users and also hinders broader influence spread. Apart from deficiencies in effectively and fairly spreading the influence of an event, existing solutions also lack explanations for their results. Both influence and fairness are evaluated by predefined score functions. However, it is difficult for individuals without prior knowledge of social influence analysis to comprehend the implications of such scores.
